almost close to deer head at 47 meters
in depth you can go visit
the wreck of a German cargo ship has
founded in the spring of 1943
the dive is sufficiently
demanding to be recommended
Experienced divers the wreck is located
perched on a flat expanse of
sand and mud that keeps the hull in
navigation structure
certainly we know that it was requisitioned e
adapted overlooking the warship of
German navy
we follow the long top that from the buoy
placed on the surface leads us to the
ship's deck often surrounded by
good visibility conditions thanks
in the presence of a slight current the
hull profile is already visible from
stern to bow during the descent time
background allows us to visit
totally almost 70 meters long
of the wreck for the nine of width
the bow characterized by jaws
rounded and covered with flora and fauna
bentonica as the whole excavation
in addition to oysters and sponges it has become
home also of the elegant spirographs
their presence has been betrayed for a long time and
thin and flexible membranous tube
branchial tuft that lazily yes
let it rock from the current
attention catalyzed only covered
by the presence of a powerful arcane led
and very recognizable gears
are now dominated by a myriad of
encrusting organisms every centimeter
square sheet metal and been colonized
there is no longer a vacancy for some
body of sexes that wanted
take root now
in free water the carousel is
characterized by the sinuous dance of the
red chestnut a very dense cloud
which opens closes to ours
passage
the whole wreck wrapped around it
we recover the blanket
at some point it stops
abruptly from my net backstroke e
highlights the deep hold there
we come closer, finding ourselves in the belly
of the carmo on the forward side of the hold
it is possible to try a timid e
prudent penetration of the hull while
the rest of the area is occupied by
collapsed superstructures
inside the basement collapsed
what supported the armament of the port
externally exceeded one of the two
walled you reach the aft wheel ed
also the maximum depth
we go back to the stern deck
superstructures apart little remained
of the commands for the government of the ship
the formwork of the engine room the cabin
of command and finally the winches with i
partially steel cables sometimes
in this section more than ever sheets
they are covered with colorful sponges and
from many other fouling organisms
here is the jewel anemone from the researchers
life is defined there
we approach further to appreciate
the brilliant colonies that every single one
poles can make you stand out chromatically
the shades range from orange red
passing through pink to green
through the portholes of the formwork is
possible to observe what remains of
propeller before heading to the
center of the ship to climb up the
wreck has turned into a great one
oasis of natural repopulation the
backdrop that surrounds it indeed is
predominantly turned on and therefore absent
life neo rock where to start giving life
to the food chain